tiup: optimize the structure and content of the deployment doc (#2326)
pingcap/docs: how-to/deploy/orchestrated/tiup.md

    If the filesystem is ext4 and `nodelalloc` is included in the mount options, you have successfully mount the data disk ext4 filesystem with options on the target machines.

> ## Step 4: Configure the initialization configuration file `topology.yaml`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Step 4: Edit the initialization configuration file `topology.yaml`
```

> You need to manually write the cluster initialization configuration file. For the full configuration template, refer to [Github TiUP Project](https://github.com/pingcap-incubator/tiops/blob/master/topology.example.yaml).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You need to manually create and edit the cluster initialization configuration file. For the full configuration template, refer to [Github TiUP Project](https://github.com/pingcap-incubator/tiops/blob/master/topology.example.yaml).
```
